Translation corrections (#101)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_tips_084.txt

//r…この近所は若い世代の家庭が多く、お年寄りがほとんどいない。そのために、母は同年代の友人を見つけることができず、昔のように出掛けることがなくなってしまった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…この近所は若い世代の家庭が多く、お年寄りがほとんどいない。そのために、母は同年代の友人を見つけることができず、昔のように出掛けることがなくなってしまった。",

> 			NULL, "...There are many young families in this neighborhood, but relatively few elderly people. So my mother had trouble finding a friend around her age, so she stopped going out like she used to.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...There are many young families in this neighborhood, but relatively few elderly people. My mother had trouble finding friends around her age, so she stopped going out like she used to.", Line_Normal);
```
